I think that you have to look at this from the perspective of you're making
an investment. When you when you pay for graduate school, right,
you're investing your time and your investing your money. And so
to me, what that means is that the most important thing is that I am
successful in graduate school. I want to get the most out of this investment
that I've made of my time and money. Um, and I think that
to do that, you really need to prioritize being a student over being
anything else. So anything that you're doing that's not being a student
is essentially detracting from your ability to be a student. Um
And so in that case, I would say the preferable alternative in terms
of your ultimate success and graduate school is to take out loans
as opposed to to try to hold down a job at the same time. Now, you may
be able to find a job that works into your schedule and, you know,
and doesn't take away from, for instance, your study time or something
like that. Um, you know, it may also depend on your situation.
Um, but in general, you know if you're a graduate student, whether it's
a master student or a PhD student, it is expected that your full
time job is being a student.